Updating trademarks for Nano products (#1898)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/03.nano/boards/nano-every/datasheet/datasheet.md

## Board Operation
### Getting Started - IDE 

> If you want to program your Nano ESP32 while offline you need to install the Arduino Desktop IDE [1] To connect the Arduino Nano 33 BLE to your computer, you’ll need a Micro-B USB cable. This also provides power to the board, as indicated by the LED.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to program your Nano Every while offline you need to install the Arduino Desktop IDE [1] To connect the Arduino Nano Every to your computer, you’ll need a Micro-B USB cable. This also provides power to the board, as indicated by the LED.

```

## Board Operation
### Getting Started - IDE 

> If you want to program your Nano Every while offline you need to install the Arduino Desktop IDE [1] To connect the Arduino Nano Every to your computer, you’ll need a Micro-B USB cable. This also provides power to the board, as indicated by the LED.

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to program your Nano Every while offline you need to install the Arduino Desktop IDE [1] To connect the Nano Every to your computer, you’ll need a Micro-B USB cable. This also provides power to the board, as indicated by the LED.

```
